are you looking to buy a smartphone but
only have a budget of about $50 if so
you should take a look at the new HTC
ozone available through Verizon Wireless
it runs on windows mobile 6.1 standard
and comes with the 2.4 inch QVGA display
QWERTY keyboard slim design overall only
about a half an inch thick has a 2
megapixel camera there is also a slot
for microSD cards up to 16 gigabytes and
on the back there is an included SIM
card to allow the device to work on CDMA
and quad-band GSM networks while roaming
even though the display is a touch
sensitive and is only 320 by 240
resolution it is still a nice size and
is rather bright and it shows text and
images quite well directly below that is
the 5 Way d-pad the end and send keys
left and right soft key and buttons for
home and back the QWERTY keyboard is in
four rows and is a slightly better
layout than what we saw with the HTC
snap for Sprint the buttons are straight
across
instead of being curved and the shift
key is down on the bottom instead of
being next to the a despite this the
keys are rather small and cramped
together this isn't a big problem if
you're typing a small message but for
longer emails your thumbs will begin to
fill cramped after a while the HTC
homescreen isn't as sophisticated as the
touchflo 3d interface that we saw on the
diamond but is still laid out rather
well and has categories such as missed
calls messaging email appointments
weather web favorites profiles and
things like that going into the Start
menu there's no big surprises here
categories such as messaging internet
explorer office mobile with Excel
OneNote PowerPoint and
word also there is adobe reader for PDF
files the only two unique programs on
the HDC ozone is VZ navigator for GPS
guided directions as well as Verizon's
visual voicemail service the only
included web browser is Internet
Explorer 6 it works alright however it
is kind of slow and you're constantly
having to zoom in and out to paint
around pages as well as zooming in to be
able to click on links since the display
is a touch sensitive you consistently
have to use the d-pad for navigating the
pages better options would be either
Skyfire or opera mobile the only issue
that we had with the HTC ozone was with
the call quality voices through the
earpiece speaker sounded a bit distorted
almost like there was a buzzing sound
and people that we called using a
landline phone said our voice on a
little bit distant and somewhat
artificial however the reception was
pretty good as we had two to four bars
in most areas however we did notice that
the signal bars would tend to fluctuate
rather often between two three and four
for the price
the HTC ozone is an impressive device
despite the less than stellar call
quality and cramped QWERTY keyboard we
fill the ozone is best for people who
are coming from the Motorola q 9m or our
new to the world of smartphones and
don't want to make a large investment
like on the touch diamond but still want
basic smartphone features we also like
the added Wi-Fi connectivity and the
ability to use a device internationally
with CDMA and GSM please visit phone
area comm for a full review of the HTC
ozone including pictures and 360 degree
rotational view